line_0 right false false false small 0 2 false many header new 
line_1 right false false false small 0 3 false medium header same 
line_2 right false false false small 0 4 false medium header same 
line_3 left true false false medium 0 1 false medium header new 
line_4 centered true false false medium 1 6 false few header new 
line_5 centered false false false medium 1 5 false few header new 
line_6 centered false false false medium 1 5 false few header same 
line_7 centered false false false medium 1 5 false few header same 
line_8 centered false false false medium 1 5 true few header same 
line_9 centered true false false medium 2 3 false few new new 
line_10 justified false false false small 2 1 false many new new 
line_11 justified false false false small 2 1 false many same same 
line_12 justified false false false small 2 1 false medium same same 
line_13 justified false false false small 2 1 false medium same same 
line_14 justified false false false small 2 1 false medium same same 
line_15 justified false false false small 2 1 false medium same same 
line_16 justified false false false small 2 1 false medium same same 
line_17 justified false false false small 3 1 false few same same 
line_18 left true false false medium 3 1 false medium new new 
line_19 justified false false false normal 3 1 false medium new new 
line_20 justified false false false normal 3 1 false medium same same 
line_21 justified false false false normal 3 1 false medium same same 
line_22 justified false false false normal 4 1 false medium same same 
line_23 justified false false false normal 4 1 false medium same same 
line_24 justified false false false normal 4 1 false few same same 
line_25 justified false false true normal 4 1 false medium new new 
line_26 justified false false false normal 4 1 false medium same new 
line_27 justified false false false normal 4 1 false many same same 
line_28 justified false false false normal 4 1 false medium same same 
line_29 justified false false false normal 5 1 false many same same 
line_30 justified false false false normal 5 1 false medium same same 
line_31 justified false false false normal 5 1 false many same same 
line_32 justified false false false normal 5 1 false medium same same 
line_33 justified false false false normal 5 1 false medium same same 
line_34 justified false false false normal 5 1 false medium new same 
line_35 justified false false false normal 6 1 false many same same 
line_36 justified false false false normal 6 1 false medium same same 
line_37 justified false false false normal 6 1 false medium same same 
line_38 justified false false false normal 6 1 false medium same same 
line_39 justified false false false normal 6 1 false medium same same 
line_40 justified false false false normal 6 1 false medium same same 
line_41 justified false false false normal 6 1 false medium same same 
line_42 justified false false false normal 7 1 false medium same same 
line_43 justified false false false normal 7 1 false medium same same 
line_44 justified false false false normal 7 1 false medium same same 
line_45 justified false false false normal 7 1 false few same same 
line_46 justified false false false normal 7 1 false medium new same 
line_47 justified false false false normal 7 1 false medium same same 
line_48 justified false false false normal 7 1 false medium same same 
line_49 centered false false false small 2 7 false medium new new 
line_50 justified false false false normal 3 7 false medium new new 
line_51 justified false false false normal 3 7 false medium same same 
line_52 justified false false false normal 3 7 false medium new same 
line_53 justified false false false normal 3 7 false many same same 
line_54 justified false false false normal 3 7 false medium same same 
line_55 justified false false false normal 3 7 false medium same same 
line_56 justified false false false normal 4 7 false medium same same 
line_57 justified false false false normal 4 7 false medium new same 
line_58 justified false false false normal 4 7 false medium same same 
line_59 justified false false false normal 4 7 false many new same 
line_60 justified false false false normal 4 7 false medium same same 
line_61 justified false false false normal 4 7 false medium new same 
line_62 justified false false false normal 5 7 false medium same same 
line_63 justified false false false normal 5 7 false medium same same 
line_64 justified false false false normal 5 7 false medium new same 
line_65 justified false false false normal 5 7 false medium new same 
line_66 justified false false false normal 5 7 false medium new same 
line_67 justified false false false normal 5 7 false medium same same 
line_68 justified false false false normal 6 7 false medium same same 
line_69 justified false false false normal 6 7 false few same same 
line_70 left true false false medium 6 7 false medium new new 
line_71 justified false false false normal 6 7 false many new new 
line_72 justified false false false normal 6 7 false medium same same 
line_73 justified false false false normal 7 7 false medium same same 
line_74 justified false false false normal 7 7 false many same same 
line_75 justified false false false normal 7 7 false medium same same 
line_76 justified false false false normal 7 7 false medium new same 
line_77 justified false false false normal 7 7 false many same same 
line_78 justified false false false normal 7 7 false medium same same 
line_79 justified false false false normal 7 7 false many same same 
