line_0 left false false false small 0 0 false many header new 
line_1 left false false false big 0 3 false few header new 
line_2 left false false false big 0 3 false few header same 
line_3 centered false false false medium 1 4 false medium header new 
line_4 justified true false true normal 1 1 false medium new new 
line_5 justified true false false normal 1 0 false many same new 
line_6 justified true false false normal 1 0 false medium same same 
line_7 justified true false false normal 2 0 false many same same 
line_8 justified true false false normal 2 0 false many same same 
line_9 justified true false false normal 2 0 false many same same 
line_10 justified true false false normal 2 0 false many same same 
line_11 justified true false false normal 2 0 false medium same same 
line_12 justified true false true normal 2 0 false many same new 
line_13 justified true false true normal 2 0 false many same same 
line_14 justified true false true normal 2 0 false medium same same 
line_15 justified true false true normal 2 0 false many same same 
line_16 justified true false false normal 3 0 false many same new 
line_17 justified true false true normal 3 0 false many same new 
line_18 justified true false false normal 3 0 false many same new 
line_19 justified true false true normal 3 0 false medium same new 
line_20 justified true false false normal 3 0 false many same new 
line_21 justified true false false normal 3 0 false many same same 
line_22 justified true false false normal 3 0 false many same same 
line_23 justified true false false normal 3 0 false medium same same 
line_24 justified true false true normal 3 1 false medium new new 
line_25 justified true false false normal 4 0 false medium same new 
line_26 justified true false false normal 4 0 false few same same 
line_27 centered false false false small 4 3 false few new new 
line_28 justified false false false normal 4 1 false medium new new 
line_29 justified false false false normal 4 1 false medium same same 
line_30 justified false false false normal 4 0 false medium same same 
line_31 justified false false false normal 5 0 false medium same same 
line_32 justified false false false normal 5 0 false medium new same 
line_33 justified false false false normal 5 0 false medium same same 
line_34 justified false false false normal 5 0 false medium new same 
line_35 justified false false false normal 5 0 false medium same same 
line_36 justified false false false normal 5 0 false medium same same 
line_37 justified false false false normal 5 0 false medium new same 
line_38 justified false false false normal 5 0 false medium same same 
line_39 justified false false false normal 6 0 false medium new same 
line_40 justified false false false normal 6 0 false many same same 
line_41 justified false false false normal 6 0 false medium same same 
line_42 justified false false false normal 6 0 false many new same 
line_43 justified false false false small 6 1 false many new new 
line_44 justified false false false small 6 0 false many same same 
line_45 justified false false false small 6 0 false many same same 
line_46 justified false false false small 7 0 false medium same same 
line_47 justified false false false small 7 1 false many new same 
line_48 justified false false false small 7 0 false medium same same 
line_49 justified false false false small 7 0 true few same same 
line_50 justified false false false small 7 1 false many new same 
line_51 justified false false false small 7 0 false few same same 
line_52 justified false false false small 7 1 false many new same 
line_53 justified false false false small 7 0 false few same same 
line_54 justified false false false small 7 1 false few new same 
line_55 justified false false true normal 1 7 false many new new 
line_56 justified false false false normal 1 7 false medium same new 
line_57 justified false false true normal 2 7 false medium same new 
line_58 justified false false false normal 2 7 false medium same new 
line_59 justified false false false normal 2 7 false medium same same 
line_60 justified false false false normal 2 7 false medium same same 
line_61 justified false false false normal 2 7 false medium same same 
line_62 justified false false false normal 2 7 false medium same same 
line_63 justified false false false normal 2 7 false medium same same 
line_64 justified false false false normal 2 7 false medium same same 
line_65 justified false false false normal 3 7 false medium same same 
line_66 justified false false false normal 3 7 false medium same same 
line_67 justified false false false normal 3 7 false medium same same 
line_68 justified false false false normal 3 7 false medium same same 
line_69 justified false false false normal 3 7 false medium same same 
line_70 justified false false false normal 3 7 false medium same same 
line_71 justified false false false normal 3 7 false medium same same 
line_72 justified false false false normal 3 7 false medium same same 
line_73 justified false false false normal 4 7 false few same same 
line_74 justified false false false normal 4 7 false many new same 
line_75 justified false false false normal 4 7 false many same same 
line_76 justified false false false normal 4 7 false many same same 
line_77 justified false false false normal 4 7 false many same same 
line_78 justified false false false normal 4 7 false many same same 
line_79 justified false false true normal 4 7 false medium same new 
line_80 justified false false true normal 4 7 false many same same 
line_81 justified false false true normal 5 7 false medium same same 
line_82 justified false false true normal 5 7 false medium same same 
line_83 justified false false false normal 5 7 false many same new 
line_84 justified false false true normal 5 7 false many same new 
line_85 justified false false true normal 5 7 false medium same same 
line_86 justified false false false normal 5 7 false few same new 
line_87 justified false false false normal 5 7 false many new same 
line_88 justified false false false normal 5 7 false many same same 
line_89 justified false false false normal 6 7 false many same same 
line_90 justified false false false normal 6 7 false many same same 
line_91 justified false false false normal 6 7 false medium same same 
line_92 justified false false false normal 6 7 false medium same same 
line_93 justified false false false normal 6 7 false medium same same 
line_94 justified false false false normal 6 7 false many same same 
line_95 justified false false true normal 6 7 false many same new 
line_96 justified false false false normal 6 7 false medium new new 
line_97 justified false false false normal 7 7 false medium same same 
line_98 justified false false false normal 7 7 false many same same 
line_99 justified false false false normal 7 7 false many same same 
line_100 justified false false false normal 7 7 false medium same same 
line_101 justified false false false normal 7 7 false medium same same 
line_102 justified false false false normal 7 7 false many same same 
line_103 justified false false false normal 7 7 false few same same 
line_104 left false false false small 7 6 false few new new 
